[Music]
Andi prepares to go to cowboy camp with
woody but while playing with Woody and
Buzz he accidentally tears Woody's arm
Andy's mom puts woody on a shelf and
Andy leaves without him the next day
after having a nightmare of being thrown
away what he finds wheezy a squeeze toy
penguin who has been shelved for months
due to a broken squeaker when Andy's
mother puts Weezy in a yard sale
woody rescues him but is stolen by a
greedy toy collector from a commercial
Andy's toys identify the thief as Al
McGuigan owner of Al's Toy Barn Buzz
Lightyear ham mr. Potato Head slinky dog
and Rex set out to rescue woody at Al's
apartment woody learns that he is based
on a 1950s black and white television
puppet show called Woody's roundup and
that along with Jesse bullseye and
stinky Pete the prospector he is set to
be sold to a toy Museum in Tokyo Japan
while the others are excited about going
what he intends to return to Andy
upsetting Jesse stinky Pete explains
that the museum is only interested in
the collection if it is complete and
without woody they will be returned to
storage after Woody's arm is torn off
completely his attempt to retrieve it
and escape as foiled when Al's
television turns on and he angrily
blames Jesse when he finds the TV remote
in front of her the next morning Woody's
arm is fixed by an elderly toy repair
specialist he learns that Jesse once
belonged to a girl named Emily who
eventually outgrew dolls and finally
donated her stinky Pete warns woody that
the same fate awaits him when Andy grows
up whereas he will last forever in the
museum hearing this what he decides to
go to Japan meanwhile buzz and the other
toys reach Al's Toy Barn while searching
for woody buzz is imprisoned by another
version of himself a utility belt buzz
who believes that buzz is a rogue Space
Ranger he joins the other toys who
mistake him for Andy's buzz after
discovering Al's plan they go to his
apartment while Andy's buzz escapes and
pursues them accidentally freeing an
emperor zurg toy who follows him with
the intent of destroying him after the
toys find woody buzz rejoins them and
prove that he is Andy's buzz but what he
refuses to go home much
Andy's toys dismay buzz reminds woody
that a toys true purpose is to be played
with which she would never experience in
a museum after seeing a boy play with
him on a Woody's roundup episode what he
changes his mind and asks the roundup
gang to come home with him and the rest
of the toys
however stinky Pete who has never been
loved or played with and wants to go to
Japan stops them revealing that he was
the one responsible for stopping what
he's escaped attempt and framed Jesse
for it al then returns takes the gang in
a suitcase and leaves for the airport
and he's toys pursue al but are caught
by Zurg who battles utility belt buzz
and reveals himself as buzzes father
after Rex inadvertently knocks surg off
of an elevator utility belt buzz then
chooses to remain behind with Zurg
accompanied by three toy aliens Andy's
toys steal a Pizza Planet delivery truck
and follow out to the airport where they
sneak into the baggage handling system
and find al suitcase stinky Pete rips
Woody's arm during a struggle but Andy's
toys stuff him into a little girls
backpack as punishment they free
bullseye only for Jesse to end up on the
plane bound for Japan assisted by buzz
and bullseye woody frees Jesse and the
toys when Andy returns from camp he
accepts Jesse bullseye and the aliens as
his new toys then repairs what he's
armed al is upset in a new commercial
after losing the roundup gang while
wheezy squeaker has also been fixed what
he tells buzz that he is no longer
worried about Andy outgrowing him
because when he eventually does they
will still have each other for company
[Music]